Honor product/company name cases - nitpicking (part 8) (#15337)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/41/index.md

#### Miscellaneous

> - On macOS and Windows, {{domxref("NavigatorOnLine.onLine", "Navigator.onLine")}} now changes regarding network connectivity (it always returned `true`, unless "Work offline" mode was selected) before ({{bug(654579)}}).

Author: ```suggestion
- On OS X and Windows, {{domxref("NavigatorOnLine.onLine", "Navigator.onLine")}} now changes regarding network connectivity (it always returned `true`, unless "Work offline" mode was selected) before ({{bug(654579)}}).
```
